makes that roll necessarily stands more
the road
we grilled that crumbs and never
to eat in my head because it's
the key asset that makes life
the physio and the wave at recognize
civil rappers tighten the belt
and all down their pants me
reminds of sunset and for all
my friends at the ngo every day I
doubted the night out by chedjou
should buckle his favor the
fairy well have left traces data
from cac to pj they will eat
slums but loves to furrow them gym
up to the tpe judge may not fall
arms he believes that rap was a game
we are going to help it kind gta ya nothing that
holds the road like mavuba on the snow
ask the teachers in our patties in
brega never had the bean shot in the air
for his son 10 above I wear my
problems on the back real rent of
hat also holds the road since
my first bottle since my first
choosing my first cut in the
ears I confess I lose control of the
world and it worries
smaller and as with all of us without
allowed you to throw more the rebate since
my first hack since my first
says you that china is profitable
you prepare yourself for bombs and
my arrows follow me used as a
hole
I hold more in my head a
vacant land at levitt reboots
look for peace in this match then my
beast and everything happened did not shrink
one day my only friend will be smoothed my wife
will be a task report manger and five
stupid and nasty
when I write three doubled but my
tears clement choco narychkin itches
and ex tramp that will hurt know the
song cubes that get married who te
when I am out lie to you that my
vision blur paul j I hold
more standing and marie may in his line
pattern datchy maxim premiums more
the pop art of living a thing is sure
thou hast thou cheeks since
time of bata ankles knees athens
at 1500 years old and my aunt giraud says that
I went into the wall and saw my parents
s weighed down and it goes to balls like
a rotating room that does not answer
present to husband jean gives ideas
grandjean the different brands and
contemplate who in his mouth the
truth is that we must reward
So we ask that a happy or
misinterpretation usual impatient that
liberates all my senses the happiness I have
think but the road is pink years so I
smokes kidding doing at what was turning
the gallows yeah I smoke shops
she turns the gallows
I admit that I was there all since my
first bottle since my first
joins the first troop in
ears at the end of such a flight of the world
worries even the smallest schools
with or without a permit
I admit I have been on the road since my first
hack since my first film since
that chic she starts I admit I see
that we fly with sticks in the
wheels since my first joint my
first cut in the ears jealous
by control of it but
ocon shop rolls with or without a license
I approve more the road since my
first notch since my first
disk since the shit and profitable
I admit I'm losing control with
sticks in the wheels
when to fill my wounds I got
seen teese is like a hole